[ADD] Appraisals: Schedule appraisals (#13230)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/appraisals/schedule_appraisals.rst

===================
Schedule appraisals
===================

> In Odoo, the **Appraisals** application can be used to evaluate employee performance on a recurring
> basis. Managers can evaluate the performance of their employees, and also allow employees to do a
> self-assessment of their own. Appraisals are customizable, and can be set for any kind of schedule
> desired.
> 
> Appraisals give employees valuable feedback, including actionable goals to work toward, and
> measurable skills to improve upon. Additionally, appraisals may form the basis for raises,
> promotions, and other benefits.
> 
> Regular appraisals are good for both the employees and the company, since they can accurately
> measure performance based on company goals, and show employees where they need to improve.
> 
> In Odoo, the **Appraisals** application can automatically schedule appraisals based on an appraisal
> plan, as well as manually schedule appraisals anytime they are needed.
> 
> Automatic scheduling of appraisals ensures employees receive regular feedback from their managers,
> allowing for professional development and growth. Automatically scheduled appraisals eliminates the
> need for managers to keep calendar reminders to schedule appraisals, and ensures appraisals are
> handled in a timely manner, and annual appraisals are not delayed.

Reviewer: This is a strong intro that clearly communicates how appraisals is used! I wonder if it's worth going on step further and directly addressing the needs of the target audience: managers conducting performance reviews. 

I have two versions, feel free to accept and then edit either to your heart's content :blush: 

Bullet point version

```suggestion
Odoo’s **Appraisals** app lets managers evaluate employee performance on a recurring basis.  
Reviews can include an employee self-assessments and follow any defined schedule.

Appraisals provide:

- Clear, actionable goals and measurable skill targets for employees.
- objective data for raises, promotions, and other rewards that HR can process.
- Alignment of day-to-day performance with broader company goals.

The app supports two methods:

- **Automatic scheduling** via an appraisal plan.
- **Manual scheduling** at any moment (e.g., before a promotion or department transfer).
```

Reviewer: Paragraph version
```suggestion
Odoo’s **Appraisals** app helps managers run recurring performance reviews. Each review can include a self-assessment and can follow any schedule the company sets.

Regular appraisals turn day-to-day work into clear goals and measurable skill targets. They also supply the objective evidence HR needs for raises or promotions and keep individual performance aligned with company KPIs.

Reviews can be scheduled automatically through an appraisal plan that triggers evaluations at set intervals, or created manually whenever needed—such as before a promotion or department transfer.
```

Automatic scheduling
====================

> The settings menu in the **Appraisals** app is where appraisal frequencies are set. To access the
> settings menu, navigate to :menuselection:`Appraisals app --> Configuration --> Settings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure no appraisal is missed, enable automatic scheduling by going to :menuselection:`Appraisals app --> Configuration --> Settings`.
```

> The :guilabel:`Appraisals Plan` section of the :guilabel:`Settings` page determines the frequency
> that appraisals are performed.

Reviewer: scheduled or performed? :thinking: 
```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Appraisals Plan` setting determines the frequency
that appraisals are scheduled.
```

.. image:: schedule_appraisals/appraisals-setting.png
   :alt: The appraisals sections with the timeline filled in and 360 feedback enabled.

> 

Reviewer: reminder to add a see also to 360 feedback doc once that's written (:

.. _appraisals/appraisal-plan:

Appraisals plans
----------------

By default, appraisals are preconfigured to be automatically created six months after an employee is
hired, with a second appraisal exactly six months after that.

Once those two initial appraisals have been completed in the employee's first year, following
appraisals are only created once a year (every twelve months).

To modify this schedule, change the number of months in the blank fields under the
:guilabel:`Appraisals Plans` section.

.. important::

>    If the :guilabel:`Appraisals Plans` section is modified, **all** empty :guilabel:`Next Appraisal
>    Dates` are modified for **all** employees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Changing the :guilabel:`Appraisals Plans` field updates **every** employee record whose :guilabel:`Next Appraisal
   Dates` is empty.
```

Appraisals automation
---------------------

Tick the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Appraisals Automation` to have Odoo automatically schedule
*and* confirm appraisals.

> Appraisals are scheduled according to the :ref:`appraisal plan. <appraisals/appraisal-plan>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appraisals are scheduled according to the :ref:`appraisal plan <appraisals/appraisal-plan>`.
```

> Schedule an appraisal

Reviewer: totally optional to distinguish it from the auto one :D
```suggestion
Manually schedule an appraisal
```

=====================

> Appraisals can be scheduled anytime an employee's manager or supervisor wants, and do not have to
> keep to the appraisal schedule.
> 
> Sometimes an appraisal is needed before an employee's next scheduled appraisal. This can happen when
> an employee is promoted, or transfers to a new role or a new department. When this happens,
> typically an appraisal is performed, to evaluate the employee's performance in their current role,
> before moving to their new role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managers may schedule an appraisal at any time, outside the regular cycle.

For example, if an employee is promoted, or transfers to a new role or a new department, an appraisal is scheduled to assess performance in the current role.
```

To create a new appraisal, open the :menuselection:`Appraisals` app, and click the :guilabel:`New`
button in the upper-left corner. This opens a blank :guilabel:`Appraisals` form.

First, using the drop-down menu, select the employee being evaluated, in the first field on the

> form. Once an employee is selected, the employee's :guilabel:`Manager`, :guilabel:`Jobb Position`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
form. Once an employee is selected, the employee's :guilabel:`Manager`, :guilabel:`Job Position`,
```
